suggest using default-scheduler and disable auto failover (#1504)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/tidb-scheduler.md

TiDB Scheduler is a TiDB implementation of [Kubernetes scheduler extender](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/design-proposals/scheduling/scheduler_extender.md). TiDB Scheduler is used to add new scheduling rules to Kubernetes. This document introduces these new scheduling rules and how TiDB Scheduler works.

## tidb-scheduler and default-scheduler

A [kube-scheduler](https://kubernetes.io/zh/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/kube-scheduler/) is deployed by default in the Kubernetes cluster for Pod scheduling. The default scheduler name is `default-scheduler`.

> In the early Kubernetes versions (<= v1.16), the `default-scheduler` was not flexible enough to support even scheduling for Pods. Therefore, to support even scheduling for the TiDB cluster Pods, TiDB Operator uses a TiDB Scheduler (`tidb-scheduler`) to extend the scheduling rules of the `default-scheduler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the early Kubernetes versions (< v1.16), the `default-scheduler` was not flexible enough to support even scheduling for Pods. Therefore, to support even scheduling for the TiDB cluster Pods, TiDB Operator uses a TiDB Scheduler (`tidb-scheduler`) to extend the scheduling rules of the `default-scheduler`.
```

The TiDB Scheduler component is deployed as one or more Pods, though only one Pod is working at the same time. Each Pod has two Containers inside: one Container is a native `kube-scheduler`, and the other is a `tidb-scheduler` implemented as a Kubernetes scheduler extender.

> If `tidb-scheduler` is configured to use in the `TidbCluster` CR, the `.spec.schedulerName` attribute of PD, TiDB, and TiKV Pods created by the TiDB Operator is set to `tidb-scheduler`. This means that the TiDB Scheduler is used for the scheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configure the cluster to use`tidb-scheduler` in the `TidbCluster` CR, the `.spec.schedulerName` attribute of PD, TiDB, and TiKV Pods created by TiDB Operator is set to `tidb-scheduler`. This means that the TiDB Scheduler is used for the scheduling.
```
